Added cross references in the Remarks section of commandset and applicationcustomizer commands. Closes #5546 (#5548)
pnp/cli-microsoft365: docs/docs/cmd/spo/tenant/tenant-commandset-set.mdx

:::

> This command can be used for updating a tenant-wide installed ListView Command Set. To update a ListView Command Set from a specific site, view our dedicated [spo commandset set](../commandset/commandset-set.mdx) command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This command can be used for updating a ListView Command Set that's installed tenant-wide. To update a ListView Command Set on a specific site, view our dedicated [spo commandset set](../commandset/commandset-set.mdx) command.
```
